Updated link to Local Images (#32427)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/image.md

A placeholder to use while the image is loading. Possible values are `blur` or `empty`. Defaults to `empty`.

> When `blur`, the [`blurDataURL`](#blurdataurl) property will be used as the placeholder. If `src` is an object from a [static import](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/image-optimization#local-images) and the imported image is `.jpg`, `.png`, `.webp`, or `.avif`, then `blurDataURL` will be automatically populated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `blur`, the [`blurDataURL`](#blurdataurl) property will be used as the placeholder. If `src` is an object from a [static import](/docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md#local-images) and the imported image is `.jpg`, `.png`, `.webp`, or `.avif`, then `blurDataURL` will be automatically populated.
```
